Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: automation-tools
Version: 1.0.2
Summary: A suite of automation tools for various tasks.
Home-page: https://github.com/sportyomar/automation_tools
Author: Omar Lydale Morrison
Author-email: omar.morrison@sportyventures.com
License: MIT
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
Requires-Dist: openpyxl

Excel to CSV Converter
The Excel to CSV Converter is a Python script that allows you to convert Excel files (.xlsx) into CSV (Comma-Separated Values) format. It provides a graphical user interface (GUI) built with Tkinter for easy file selection and conversion.

Features
Convert multiple Excel files into CSV format simultaneously.
Graphical user interface (GUI) for intuitive operation.
Displays sheet names of loaded Excel files.
Handles error cases gracefully with informative error messages.
Dependencies
Python 3.x
openpyxl (Python library for reading and writing Excel files)
Installation
Make sure you have Python 3.x installed on your system. If not, download and install it from python.org.
Install the required Python library using pip:
pip install openpyxl
Usage
Clone the repository or download the source code.
Navigate to the project directory in your terminal.
Run the script using Python:
python excel_to_csv_converter.py
Click on "Load XLSX Files" to select one or more Excel files (.xlsx) you want to convert.
Click on "Select Output Directory" to choose the directory where you want to save the converted CSV files.
Click on "Convert to CSV" to start the conversion process.
Once the conversion is complete, the script will display the number of CSV files generated.
Examples
# Example usage of the ExcelToCsvConverter class

import tkinter as tk
from excel_to_csv_converter import ExcelToCsvConverter

root = tk.Tk()
app = ExcelToCsvConverter(root)
root.mainloop()
How to Contribute
Contributions to improve Excel to CSV Converter are welcome! Here's how you can contribute:

Fork the repository.
Make your changes and enhancements.
Submit a pull request with a clear description of your changes.
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
